CFM Leap detectors are located: (Level 1)
@@Around the AGB, around ventilation exit grid of the fan compartment, around turbine and at the pylon (above the combustion chamber).
Around the AGB, and at the pylon (above the combustion chamber), around ventilation exit grid of the fan compartment.
Around the AGB, without around ventilation exit grid of the fan compartment.

When the Engine FIRE pushbutton is released out: (Level 3)
The Apu will shut down.
The engine will shut down.
@@The engine will shut down and this also arms the extinguishing system.
The discharge of each bottle is active.

The Engine fire bottles are located: (Level 2)
On the engine fan case.
@@In the Pylon.
On the Pylon.
In the air conditioning bay.

Lavatory fire extinguishing is performed by? (Level 2)
@@Portable extinguishers.
Fire bottles.
Waste bin fire extinguishers.
Automatically.

What is the difference between the CEO and NEO engine fire bottles? (Level 2)
@@Different part number.
They are the same.
NEO uses one bottle.
The CEO ones are smaller.

How many fire extinguishing bottles provide for cargo compartment? (Level 2)
One.
@@An optional system includes two bottles.
Three.
Four.

How many fire extinguishing bottles installed on each engine? (Level 1)
@@2 fire bottles installed in the pylon.
1 fire bottle installed in the pylon.
2 fire bottles installed in the fan cowl.
2 fire bottles installed for both engines.

The lavatory smoke detection system is monitored by: (Level 3)
FWC to give an alert to the flight crew.
@@The SDF integrated in the CIDS.
DEU B.
Both B and C.

Where is the APU fire extinguishing bottle located? (Level 1)
@@In the aft fuselage forward of the APU firewall.
In the forward fuselage of the APU firewall.
The APU compartment.
None of above.

Where is avionics smoke detector installed? (Level 2)
@@In the avionics compartment in the ventilation extraction duct.
In the avionics compartment.
in the ventilation extraction duct.
On the air conditioning recirculation duct.

The avionics smoke detector is monitored by: (Level 2)
Fire Detection Unit (FDU).
@@Avionics Equipment Ventilation Computer (AEVC).
The SDF integrated in the CIDS.
FWC to give an alert to the flight crew.

The Test Fire Push buttons on overhead are used to do: (Level 3)
Test fire extinguisher bottles.
Test fire detection and extinguishing systems.
@@Tests on the different fire detection and extinguishing systems and make sure they operate correctly.
All of above.
