Câu 1: Where is Swirl nozzle attached? (Level 2)
@@Attached to the rear of the inlet cowl at 5:00 x
Attached to the rear of the inlet cowl at 7:00
Attached to upper of inlet cowl at 1:00
Câu 2: In case of leakage or burst of NAI (Nacelle Anti Ice) duct in Fan compartment: (Level 2)
EEC will recognize by 1 Pressure Transducer.
EEC will recognize by Pressure Transducers.
@@EEC will recognize by Thermocouples. x
Câu 3: To dispatch aircraft under failure of two engine anti-ice valves? (Level 2)
Deactivate the valves in open position through the manual override mechanism
@@Deactivate the valves in closed position through the manual override mechanism x
No dispatch allowed
Câu 4: ENG anti-ice valve deactivated in the OPEN position through the Manual Overridemechanism on the PRSOV, so A/c can (Level 2)
@@dispatch with 1 PRSOVS locked in open position x
Both answer are correct
dispatch with 2 PRSOVS locked in open position
Câu 5: What are the Nacelle anti-ice pressure regulating shutoff valves (NAI PRSOVS) for? (Level (Level 1)
3) Upper and lower NAI PRSOVS operate in tandem to control pressure and airflow of HPC 9th stage air used for inlet anti-ice
Upper and lower NAI PRSOVS operate in tandem to control pressure and airflow of LPC 3th stage air used for inlet anti-ice
@@Upper and lower NAI PRSOVS operate in tandem to control pressure and airflow of HPC 6th stage air used for inlet anti-ice x
Câu 6: On PW1100G engine anti-ice system, to deactivate an anti-ice PRSOV (Level 3)
@@You can deactivate the PRSOV with the fan cowls and reverser cowls closed x
You must open the fan cowls
You must open the thrust reverser cowls
Câu 7: How is the Engine anti-ice work? (Level 1)
Electrically controlled and operated by 9th stage high pressure compressor air
@@Electrically controlled and operated by 6th stage high pressure compressor air X
Electrically controlled and operated by 3th stage high pressure compressor air
Câu 8: On PW1100G engineanti-ice system, there is (are) (Level 1)
@@02 PRSOVS (Pressure Regulating an Shut Off Valve) x
01 PRSOV (Pressure Regulating an Shut Off Valve)
01 SOV (Shut Off valve) and 01 PRV (Pressure Regulating Valve)
Câu 9: To monitor the Nacelle Anti-Ice system operation, the EEC: (Level 2)
@@Uses 2 pressure transducers x
Uses 2 remote control solenoids.
Uses 2 micro-switches located on 2 NAI PRSOV.
Câu 10: What is true regarding 2 NAI PRSOVs? (Level 2)
When the NAl solenoids energized, the HPC 6th stage air is supplied to inlet cowl.
@@When the NAI solenoids de-energized, the HPC 6th stage air is supplied to inlet cowl. x
At least one NAI solenoid de-energized, the HPC 6th stage air is supplied to inlet cowl.
Câu 11: How many Fan compartment thermocouples are there in the system? (Level 2)
Two type K thermocouples, one for each EEC channel. To provide the EEC with temperature and pressure measurement in the fan compartment
@@Two type K thermocouples, one for each EEC channel. To provide the EEC with temperature measurement in the fan compartment x
One type K thermocouples, one for both EEC channel. To provide the EEC with temperature measurement in the fan compartment
Câu 12: Hot air for nacelle anti-ice system on PW1100G engines supplied from (Level 3)
A/C bleed air system
@@Dedicated bleed air from HPC stage 6 x
Dedicated bleed air from LPC stage 3
Câu 13: What are the Nacelle anti-ice remote solenoids and manifold for? (Level 3)
To control the closing of the NAI upper and lower PRSOVS
To control the opening of the NAI upper and lower PRSOVS
@@To control the opening and closing of the NAI upper and lower PRSOVS X
Câu 14: On PW1100G engine, nacelle anti-ice duct leak or burst is monitored by(Level 1)
@@01 PT (Pressure Transducer)in the core zone, 01 PT in the fan zone and 01 dual temperature sensor in the fan zone x
leak detector located in the fan zone
leak detector located in the core zone
Câu 15: Hot air for the Nacelle anti-ice system is supplied by a dedicated HP Compressor (HPC) bleed: (Level 2)
on the PW1000G, 7th stage.
@@on the PW1000G, 6th stage. x
on the PW1000G, 8th stage.
Câu 16: How many Fan compartment thermocouples are there in the system? (Level 2)
Two type K thermocouples, one for each EEC channel. To provide the EEC with temperature and pressure measurement in the fan compartment
One type K thermocouples, one for both EEC channel. To provide the EEC with temperature measurement in the fan compartment
@@Two type K thermocouples, one for each EEC channel. To provide the EEC with temperature measurement in the fan compartment x
Câu 17: To dispatch aircraft under failure of two engine anti-ice valves? (Level 2)
Deactivate the valves in open position through the manual override mechanism
@@Deactivate the valves in closed position through the manual override mechanism x
No dispatch allowed
Câu 18: On PW1100G engine anti-ice system, to deactivate an anti-ice PRSOV (Level 3)
You must open the thrust reverser cowls
@@You can deactivate the PRSOV with the fan cowls and reverser cowls closed x
You must open the fan cowls
