Can you load software for the handsets?

How does CZUs and the CSSC connect loop.

How does the Cabin Service System Controller transmit Control data and digital audio

How does the CSSC sends the cabin the cabin zone unit (CZU)?

How is the interchange ability of all Cabin Panel?

How is the speaker drive modules (SDM)

How many CZUs (Cabin Zone Unit) are VNA B787-9 Airplane?

How many the cabin zone unit (CZU)

How the announcement priorities data the highest to lowest (stored in the speaker module): 1 / 4

How to get access to the CLB (Cabin Logbook)

How to get access to the System test

How to load software for the cabin zone

How to return to the CAP (Cabin Attendant screen when have A pop-up window

If the CSSC (Cabin Service System Controller) Cabin Ready, Cabin Alert and Cabin Call nals will:

In Cabin Core Systems, how the PSM vice Module)s in a zone connect?

PSMs does not control any of the following tems:

The CSS (Cabin Service System) system sure that the passenger-to-attendant the CSS operates correctly, it includes:

The FDH (Flight Deck Handset) connects CZU (Cabin Zone Unit)? 2 / 4

The ground crew call horn on the right nose wheel well will comes on when:

The Orange LED (Light Emitting Diode) of CSSC (Cabin Service System Controller)

What is happened for the handsets when fails?

What is happened for the handsets when fails?

What is indicated when the Amber LED on?

What is necessary to be changed when configuration changes occur?

What is the highest priority for the PA Address) audio?

What is the purpose of cabin interphone?

When you use the FDH (Flight Deck Handset) the ground crew call, how does the data CSSC (Cabin Service System controller)?

Where does the maintenance personnel cess to CSS system health data through?

Where is the cabin configuration database services system controller (CSSC) stored? 3 / 4

Where is The CSSC (Cabin Service System located?

Where is the passenger service modules control data from?

Which component changes digital audio signals that operate the cabin speakers?

Which does LRU make a chime and alert

Which is cabin zone unit (CZU) that have with Flight deck handset?

Which of the following statements is

Which system does the passenger service (PSM) not control? 4 / 4